W-11351864: File connector out of memory error workaround (#2176)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: file/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/file-troubleshooting.adoc

For additional information about enabling verbose logging for SDK components in your Mule application, see the xref:mule-sdk::troubleshooting.adoc[Troubleshooting SDK components] documentation.

== Troubleshooting Out Of Memory with Repeatable File Store Iterable

> In some cases where the file folder contains large files, and you set the *Streaming strategy* field to the *Repeatable file store iterable (Default)* option for the *List* operation, it can cause the Mule application to throw a `java.lang.OutOfMemoryError` message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases where the file folder contains large files and you set the *Streaming strategy* field to the *Repeatable file store iterable (Default)* option for the *List* operation, the Mule application might throw a `java.lang.OutOfMemoryError` message.
```

To avoid this issue, set the *Streaming strategy* field from *Repeatable file store iterable (Default)* to the *No repeatable iterable* option.

> For additional information about repeatable file store, refer to the xref:mule-runtime::tuning-repeatable-nonrepeatable.adoc#file-store-repeatable-stream[Repeatable File Store] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about repeatable file store, refer to xref:mule-runtime::tuning-repeatable-nonrepeatable.adoc#file-store-repeatable-stream[Repeatable File Store].
```

> For additional information about disabling repeatable streaming, refer to the xref:mule-runtime::streaming-about.adoc#disable_repeatable_streaming[Disable repeatable streaming] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about disabling repeatable streaming, refer to xref:mule-runtime::streaming-about.adoc#disable_repeatable_streaming[Disable repeatable streaming].
```
